README.md, before:


## Why "Cartorio"?

The name "Cartorio" (which means "Registry Office" in Portuguese) is a playful reference to how this tool, like a registry office that handles official documents and naming, helps to properly name and organize architectural PDF files.

## What it does

This tool solves a common problem in architectural workflows where PDFs generated by architectural software are saved with generic names (like "file.pdf"). It:
1. Reads PDF files in a directory
2. Analyzes each PDF for:
   - Architectural office stamps
   - Revision information
3. Uses this information to generate appropriate file names

## Requirements
- Python 3.6 or higher
- PDF files with architectural stamps and revision information

## Installation
```
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ pyinstaller --onefile --icon=sh.ico main.py
```

## Usage

1. Place your PDF files in the input directory
2. Run the application:
   ```
   $ ./cartorio {directory_path}
   ```
3. The tool will process all PDFs and rename them according to the found information

## Directory Processing

The tool will:
- Recursively scan the entire directory and its subdirectories
- Only process PDF files that haven't been previously renamed by the tool e.g. skip files that are already in the correct naming format

This makes it safe to run on existing directories with both processed and unprocessed files.

## Output Format

Files will be renamed following the pattern:
`[Project]_[DrawingType]_[RevisionNumber].pdf`

or example: `Building-A_FloorPlan_Rev02.pdf`

Commit message:

create watch mode based on PyWatchDog

README.md, after:


## Why "Cartorio"?

The name "Cartorio" (which means "Registry Office" in Portuguese) is a playful reference to how this tool, like a registry office that handles official documents and naming, helps to properly name and organize architectural PDF files.

## What it does

This tool solves a common problem in architectural workflows where PDFs generated by architectural software are saved with generic names (like "file.pdf"). It:
1. Reads PDF files in a directory
2. Analyzes each PDF for:
   - Architectural office stamps
   - Revision information
3. Uses this information to generate appropriate file names

## Requirements
- Python 3.6 or higher
- PDF files with architectural stamps and revision information

## Installation
```
$ python3 -m venv venv
$ pip install -r requirements.txt
$ pyinstaller --onefile --icon=sh.ico main.py
```

## Usage

The tool can run in two modes:

### Runner Mode
Process all PDFs in a directory once:
```
$ ./cartorio runner /path/to/directory
```

### Watch Mode
Watch a directory for new PDFs and process them automatically:
```
$ ./cartorio watch /path/to/directory
```

### Command Line Arguments
```
usage: cartorio [-h] {runner,watch} path

Run in watcher or runner mode to process a folder.

positional arguments:
  {runner,watch}  Execution mode: runner or watcher
  path           Path to the folder to process or observe

options:
  -h, --help     show this help message and exit
```

## Directory Processing

The tool will:
- Recursively scan the entire directory and its subdirectories
- Only process PDF files that haven't been previously renamed by the tool e.g. skip files that are already in the correct naming format

This makes it safe to run on existing directories with both processed and unprocessed files.

## Output Format

Files will be renamed following the pattern:
`[Project]_[DrawingType]_[RevisionNumber].pdf`

or example: `Building-A_FloorPlan_Rev02.pdf`
